So for the most part, you're gonna have, you know, your middle off the
road, sailors that How do you break them out? One. You're going to
spend some time writing these drops in writing the evaluations. So that's
what you need to spend more time on your top 1% on maybe your
whole. Before it was the middle bunch. You want to break them out, You
want to see what they give you for them. The more they give you garbage,
garbage in, garbage out. Say what? It is kind of there. If they
don't give you input, you need to throw it back. And cheese and
cheese. Come on. I need some more input into this. May Throw back your
job. I have heard that. So what? You Yeah, it is my job. I'm telling
you, it's so get me some. So the little road guys you want to say
Solid sailor, solid performer, that salt is not up across a noble
on the expression solids. There were some other phrases in there You
can check the label little writing guide on That means they would have
so useful wars